right now I'm getting my college degree through Columbia College of Missouri
I've actually done several college classes with the variety of
different colleges throughout my career you know the navy has an agreement
with with certain colleges that they'll all accept each other's
credits so that way you're not necessarily pigeonholed to just
going with one university or college and then you move in you know your
stuff doesn't count anymore so you know here in San Diego Columbia
College Missouri has a satellite school here and they've taken all
my other credits from the other schools and universities that I've
attended and I'm currently pursuing my bachelors in business administration
with them